there once was a woman made of moonlight
and teeth she would roam in the woods
searching for something hunting he just
kept telling me you are perfect you are
accepted oh my shepherd I needed a new
experience with you than I ever had
before so beautiful just like your
mother's come down on me and for me with
yourself
let's pray my wives you all came to me
broken like cruel world I took every one
of you in sacrificed my life for you I
gave you daughters sisterhood and life
let us reflect on our blessing do you
think that because you haven't had your
time yet that makes you special
prepare yourself child our great
Shepherd won't be so sweet on you then
I'll be seeing you when the blood comes
to you as I went down in the valley to
pray studying about that the starry
crown christen punished
Oh
I am relying on yourself
of all my children you're the purist in
your faith
[Applause]
you